happy morning another episode of Sarah
loves to eat sugar for breakfast yes I'm
just living life don't judge me don't
judge high livin life oh hi wrinkly my
shirt is ruined I was a direct relation
to how wrinkly in my life is right now
just a lot of felt rains a lot of
filtering so you know how I promised the
special to 360 videos well those didn't
happen obviously because creative spaces
TV launches today when you're seeing
this right now it's Sunday but you're
going to see this tomorrow on Monday and
I've really started editing the episode
I was so focused on getting these three
sixty special videos done and nothing
was working apparently I have some just
like third party apps that are really
screwing up with premier right now and
every time I open a premiere I thought
it was just specifics about 360 stuff it
just crashes crashes crashes crashes so
not sunday and i still don't have a
solution to it i've been working on this
for over since like friday um I'm
freaking out a little bit but you know
what it's Sunday I like live for this
type of pressure I'm going to get it
done it's gonna happen not gonna freak
out freak out maybe just a little bit
but it's gonna be good and you're gonna
have a creative spaces TV episode to
watch ok I think setting up this setup
finally I will be maybe a solution
because i cannot get my things to work
on my freakin macbook and it's so
frustrating so just for the residency i
was given a trash can and to use and so
i think i'm going to need to set that up
a valuable lesson to learn from today's
vlog don't save big projects to the very
last minute sarah has been doing it
since middle school trying to shake it
it all seriousness that's something that
I
really been trying to work on and
hopefully going forward these other
creative spaces TV episodes is something
that I will conquer and get through yes
really told I'm still not entirely
unpacked yet I just pointed random
things into things so let's see other
work OMG guys my post mates is coming
like 10 minutes earlier than the
estimated time life is good life is good
yes so new development I just for the
life of me find my mouth like computer
mouse so there's no way that I can use a
computer if I don't have a mouse to
control it with I know you're thinking
Sarah ensure life together I agree I'm
working on it working on it so I'm gonna
have to go back to trying to fix my
current situation on my laptop but for
now they're so polite so all is right in
the world so it really been dating my
standing death situation because when I
eat you knows when maybe sometimes I
watch a netflix show or some YouTube and
when I'm sitting down I'll like sit here
for hours just watching stuff with the
excuse of you know well i'm eating so i
can watch things forever but when you're
standing you eat you watch what you need
to watch and then you get back to work
because you don't want to stand here and
watching netflix for like two hours I'm
just uninstalling every single plug-in
ever see this stuff is very very
frustrating to me and just when stuff
like this gets
I'm total fill a total fail no oh
something is terribly wrong with my
laptop I'm assuming I don't know what
I've done but I need to find a mouse
because I need to move this purchase the
other computer just give up my macbook
house is frustrating guys so like do
yeah I really need to get my apartment
organized cuz it's affecting my life
being an organized really affects me in
a terrible way and to get my ish
together damn you would think it would
be in here other reasons why really
stressing for this deadline Chris
Mississippi is the first feature is a
photographer an amazing human being
dirty cow work was in the middle of
starting this amazing hotel chain and he
has a Kickstarter for it and the
Kickstarter is only going to be live
like 13 more days or something so I'm
trying to get his episode of crazy space
TV Alexandra everything I can to help
that cause to raise awareness of it and
stuff but I just I don't know I might
have to be pushed a day or something so
why that end this vlog on a good note of
Sarah making her first cup of coffee in
her new york city apartment I've never
made coffee before I've always been like
a social coffee drinker and so I don't
even know how to do this so we'll see
and what you're thinking don't judge me
this is not coffee that I made I got
impatient I didn't want to make coffee I
just wanted coffee and to go with
today's theme of being a total felt rain
I figured let's just go buy some coffee
instead well this vlog was a mess
sometimes I have to throw some I'm just
a human blogs in there cuz Wow today is
and the past three days are just testing
my patience like crazy I'm sure you guys
have been in this position at some point
I still have no answers it is 5pm I'm
drinking a large coffee and yeah it will
be exciting will Sarah get up the
creative spaces TV episode Monday night
will she get it up tuesday night the
world will never know you'll have to see
this is going to be thrilling so
thrilled thank you for tuning in if you
want a fun blog you can watch the
previous one you guys have a great
monday it's Monday it's the start of the
week I don't know what lessons you can
learn from this vlog maybe just don't be
a fail train like Sarah go out and kill
it today hopefully create a spaces TV
will be up soon so please please keep an
eye out for i'll be talking about it on
my social media like Twitter Instagram
all of those things I'm just run into
some roadblocks here but I I will figure
it up so how am I going to edit this
vlog though when nothing works
se ve okay bye
you